{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Futura Md BT;}{\f341\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f342\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f344\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f345\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f346\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f347\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f348\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author AECL}{\operator AECL}{\creatim\yr2000\mo1\dy17\hr19\min29}{\revtim\yr2000\mo1\dy17\hr19\min40}{\version4}
{\edmins5}{\nofpages9}{\nofwords2081}{\nofchars11864}{\*\company AECL}{\nofcharsws14569}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984
\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale75\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs52 ScholasticMaze Help
\par }{\fs40 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Table of Contents
\par }{\fs20 
\par 
\par }\pard \s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx450\tqr\tx8640\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\tab I.   A Letter from the Programmers\tab 
\par \tab II.  Preface\tab 
\par \tab III. System Requirements\tab 
\par }\pard \s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b \tab 1.  Getting Started\tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {1.1  Installation\tab 
\par 1.2  Starting a New Game\tab 
\par 1.3  Choosing a Difficulty Level\tab 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqc\tx5040\tqr\tx8640\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\lang1036\langfe1033\langnp1036 \tab 2.  }{\b Game Menus\tab }{
\b\lang1036\langfe1033\langnp1036 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {2.1  Game\tab 
\par }\pard \ql \fi360\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {2.2\tab  Options\tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {2.3\tab  Sound\tab \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {2.4\tab  Help\tab 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b \tab 3.  Playing the Game\tab 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {1.1\tab  Movement\tab 
\par }\pard \ql \fi360\li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {3.2\tab  Answering Questions\tab \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {3.3\tab  Health\tab \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 {3.4\tab  Score\tab 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b \tab 4.  Winning the Game\tab 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li360\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {4.1  How to Win\tab 
\par 4.2  The Final Boss\tab 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx8640\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b IV}{.  Online Help\tab 
\par }\pard \s1\ql \fi-450\li450\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tqr\tx8640\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin450\itap0 {\b V}{.\tab Index\tab 
\par }\pard \s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b 
\par 
\par 
\par A Letter from the Programmers
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par Welcome to ScholasticMaze\'99.  The game has been designed to test your knowledge in an interesting and exciting manner.  All the best aspects of adventure and trivia-based games have been combined to produce the ultimate gaming
 experience.  Tons of demanding levels and maps, horrifying monsters and tough questions provide a new challenge each and every time you play.  An unofficial sequel to the groundbreaking game MathMaze\'99, ScholasticMaze\'99
 promises to take gamers into a new millennium of computer entertainment.  
\par 
\par ScholasticMaze\'99 is rated Teen (13+) due to the horrifying monsters and maturity of the questions.  In addition, the game is designed for students attending high school, from grade nine up to grade thirteen (ages 13-19).
\par 
\par The questions in ScholasticMaze\'99 were designed with the target audience in mind.  Many of these questions were not taken directly out of a textbook, but rather, were created from the minds of the programmers and designers, and therefore a general base 
of knowledge from high school courses is a great asset.  You will find that many of the questions in the game relate to the curriculum taught in school.  However, if you find the game too difficult, please contact us at scholasticmaze@yahoo.com to let us 
know.
\par 
\par Although the questions are believed to be 100% accurate at the time of creation, the designers and programmers take no responsibility for inaccuracy caused by, or despite of, events occurring after the creation of the game.  
\par 
\par Several images and/or a
udio tracks have been utilized by this game.  The images/audio tracks are property of the original creator (which include, but are not limited to: Blizzard and Westwood Studios), and therefore this game is not to be copied, distributed, or sold in any way
, shape, or form.  The media is used solely for a project for the DCC OA1 class and is not meant to be for commercial use.  For a complete list of borrowed media, please contact us at scholasticmaze@yahoo.com.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {We, the programmers, believe that ScholasticMaze\'99
 meets and exceeds a high standard of quality.  Our dedication to outstanding software should be evident.  However, if you feel that ScholasticMaze\'99 does not meet your ideals, please feel free to contact us at scholasticmaze@yahoo.com. Your comments an
d feedback are greatly appreciated.
\par 
\par Sincerely, 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx8640\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Christos Christodoulou\tab Andrew Kittmer
\par }\pard \s4\ql \li5130\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin5130\itap0 {
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s4\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Avery Yuen
\par }\pard \s4\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel3\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b 
\par 
\par 
\par Preface
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par The once peaceful land is now in chaos; overrun with horrible bloodthirsty monsters.  Despite the warnings of the ancient prophecies, the human race was not prepared for the reign of chaos brought forth by the mighty demon Azinhoth.  The }{\i 
Castle of Knowledge}{ has been seized by him and his monstrous minions and you, the brave warrior, have been chosen to reclaim the throne from the monsters\rquote  grasp.  You must battle your way through the treacherous labyrinth of the castle\rquote 
s underbelly.  Along your path wait the 
hordes of savage monsters that threaten to destroy you with their skill-testing questions.  Your quest is a dangerous one, nearly suicidal, but you are the only hope.  You must gather all your strength and wisdom, for you are now at the mercy of Scholasti
cMaze\'99.}{\b 
\par }{
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b System Requirements
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par Although the program is designed to function on lower end systems, the programmers recommend the following:
\par 
\par Intel Pentium Processor or higher
\par 8 MB RAM or better
\par 2 MB 16-bit SVGA 2-D video card
\par SoundBlaster 16 or compatible
\par CD-ROM drive
\par 15 MB Hard Drive space
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \s3\qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs72 Getting Started
\par }\pard \s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs48 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li990\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin990\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f28\fs48 1.1  Installation
\par 1.2  Starting a New Game
\par 1.3  Choosing a Difficulty Level}{
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par 
\par 
\par This package should contain:
\par 
\par 1 CD (your game!)
\par User\rquote s Guide
\par 
\par If either of these are missing, please contact us at scholasticmaze@yahoo.com to get a replacement.
\par 
\par }{\b Installation
\par }{
\par This section describes how to install ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{.  If you wish to reinstall ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{, please remove the old program first with the }{\i Add/Remove Programs}{ wizard in the }{\i Control Panel}{.  For a fresh install:

\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {1.\tab Turn on your computer and wait for Windows 95/98 to load.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {2.\tab Insert the ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{ CD into the CD-ROM drive.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-270\li1260\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1260\itap0 {\f3 \'95}{  An autorun launcher should appear automatically.  If not, double-left-click on the My Computer icon, then double-left-click on the CD-ROM drive icon.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {3.\tab Select the folder where you wish to install ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{.  The default folder is c:\\program files\\ScholasticMaze.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {4.\tab Click Next.
\par 5.\tab Wait for the game to install, and have fun!
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par (insert screenshot of installation)
\par 
\par }{\b Starting a New Game
\par }{
\par To start a new game, click on the }{\b Game }{menu (see page (}{\b x}{)), and choose }{\b New}{.  You will then be prompted to enter your name and choose a difficulty level (see below).  Your name will be
 used for the rest of the game, so make sure you spell it right!  
\par 
\par }{\b Difficulty Levels}{
\par 
\par ScholasticMaze was designed to provide multiple facets of challenge, and therefo
re, difficulty levels have been incorporated into the game.  Difficulty levels range from easy to insane.  At easier levels, the amount of health (see health, page (x)) you lose for answering a question wrong is lower than that of more difficult levels.  
For example, at higher difficulty levels, your increase in health due to health upgrades is lower and the amount of damage you take due to incorrect responses is higher.  However, }{\i you are still exposed to the same maps and questions}{
.  This was deliberately done to ensure that everyone is on the same \'93playing field\'94 when they are comparing ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{
 success stories around the water cooler.  The only benefit to choosing a harder difficulty level is that you will achieve a higher score (see score, page (x
)) than if you chose an easier difficulty level.  However, it is recommended for first-time players to choose the easiest difficulty level available due to the inherent difficulty of questions.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs56 GAME MENUS
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li3060\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin3060\itap0 {\f28\fs48 2.1  Game
\par 2.2  Options
\par 2.3  Sounds
\par 2.4  Help
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Like many other windows programs, ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{ incorporates standard game menus at the top of the window.  Below is a description of the menus.
\par 
\par }{\b Game
\par 
\par }{In the file menu, you will find options for a new game, close, or exit.  In order to start a new 
game, you must click on new game, and then enter your name and choose your difficulty level.  When playing the game, if you want to close the current window (but not exit the program), click on close.  If you want to exit ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{
 completely, click on exit.
\par }{\b 
\par Options
\par 
\par }{\i Gameplay
\par }{
\par Under the gameplay menu,
 you will be able to change the difficulty level, which affects the amount of health gained/lost when encountering monsters/picking up health upgrades.  An increased difficulty level would also increase the amount of points earned per monster.
\par 
\par }{\i View Hall of Fame
\par }{
\par If you excel into the levels of the elite, you shall be entered into the prestigious Hall of ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{ fame.  Your order in the Hall of Fame will be determined by the score that you achieve during the game.  The score is explained in the 
}{\i Playing the Game}{ section of the manual on page }{\b (x)}{.  Only the top 10 scorers will be entered into the Hall of Fame, so achieving this is a formidable task indeed.
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }{\i Boss Key
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b 
\par }{The boss key is designed with the modern worker in mind.  Due to the wonderfully addic
tive nature of this game, time can often pass by in the blink of an eye.  If your boss was to pass by your computer and see you playing a game, there could be some serious repercussions.  Therefore, the boss key will make it seem like you are actually wor
king.  When you click on the boss key option (or hit Ctrl+B for a shortcut) a mock spreadsheet will pop up and make it look like you're actually working instead of playing ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'d4}{
.  To exit the mock spreadsheet, simply click the mouse once more or hit any key.
\par }{\b 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b 
\par Sound
\par 
\par }{\i Music Tracks
\par }{
\par Included on the ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'d4}{ CD is a plethora of music tracks for your listening enjoyment.  In this menu, you can switch from the current song to another song, or turn off the music altogether.  You will find a nice 
variety of music available on the CD, so there's something for everybody!
\par 
\par 
\par }{\i Effects
\par }{
\par This menu will allow you to toggle the sound effects in ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{.  If sound effects are activated, then you will be more fully immersed in the environment that is ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'e4}{
.  Wonderful sound effects such as walking into walls, fighting monsters, and acquiring health upgrades all make the game that much better.  However, if you find your game speed is being affected by these sounds, you can disable them by click
ing on this portion of the Sound menu.
\par }{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b 
\par Help
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b 
\par }{\i Instructions
\par }{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx8640\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {In this section, you will find basic instructions on how to play the game (such as movement an
d the basic concepts of health and answering questions).  This section will also refer you to specific pages in the manual for more detailed information about every aspect of the game.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }{\i About
\par }{\b 
\par }{Like any other standard windows program, the About menu gives information about the game, the programmers, and the version number.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs72 PLAYING THE GAME
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li1620\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1620\itap0 {\f28\fs48 3.1  Movement
\par 3.2  Answering Questions
\par 3.3  Health
\par 3.4  Score
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'d4}{ is a game that is intended to be user friendly and enjoyable.  The following information will help you to learn about the basics of the game: movement, answering questions, health, and score.
\par 
\par }{\b Movement
\par }{
\par ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'d4}{ supports keyboard movement from both the directional keys and the number pad.  Naturally, the up arrow causes your ch
aracter to move upward, the down arrow to move downward, etc.  Holding down the arrow in a certain direction will also cause your character to move continuously.  You may move in any direction provided that the path is open (no monsters or walls).  Your u
ltimate goal in each floor (level) of the castle is to find the exit staircase.  This staircase will grant you access to the floor above you, and as you continue to climb up the }{\i Castle of Knowledge}{
, you become closer and closer to saving the kingdom.
\par 
\par }{\b Answering Questions
\par }{
\par When you encounter a monster on the map, the screen will change to the }{\i monster screen}{.  The monster screen consists of the monster asking you the question, the category of question, the question being asked, and the possible solutions.  
\par 
\par O
nce given the multiple choice question, you can choose from A, B, C, or D in the answer box.  Once you have chosen your answer, click on OK and your answer will be given.  If you get the question wrong, the monster will punish you for your ignorance and y
o
u will lose an amount of health that is proportional to the difficulty level and the level of the game (1 through 5).  For example, if you get a question in the first level wrong, you will not lose as much health as if you got a question in the upper leve
l
s wrong.  Also, if you are playing on a harder difficulty level, then you will lose more points for every question you get wrong.  After punishing you for your ignorance, the monster vanishes, having fulfilled his quest.  If you answer the question correc
tly, the powers that be will make the monster vanish into the netherworld.  
\par 
\par }{\b Health}{
\par 
\par You will start off the game with a limit of 100 health points.  Even if you get a health upgrade, your health will not increase above 100.  As you move through the levels of ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'d4}{, your ability to withstand ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'d4}{
 punishment increases.  As a result, your maximum health point level will increase by 20 each level.  For example, after finishing the first level of the game, your health limit will rise from 10
0 to 120 points.  Also, in a remote area of each level, a health upgrade is hidden.  Often difficult and dangerous to discover; this magical item can restore from 15 to 25 points to your health.  Once your health drops to zero, your quest is over and thou
 art dead.
\par 
\par }{\b Score}{
\par 
\par On your way through ScholasticMaze}{\f3 \'d4}{, you will have the opportunity to accumulate points as you defeat monsters.  For every monster that you beat, you will gain a random amount of points that is proportional to the level you are in.  Also,
 a timer is attached to each monster question, so you will gain bonus points if you answer the question in less time than expected.  If the timer runs out, you do not gain any bonus points, but }{\i 
you still have as long as you like to answer the question}{.  Yo
u will, however, still gain the base amount of points for beating the monster. You will also receive points for finishing each level.  The difficulty level will not increase or decrease the range of scores, but rather, will weight the bonus toward the hig
her or lower end (depending on difficulty).
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs72 WINNING THE GAME
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li2430\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2430\itap0 {\f28\fs48 4.1  How to Win
\par 4.2  The Final Boss
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b 
\par How to Win
\par }{
\par Although it may at times seem hopelessly impossible, the ScholasticMaze\'99
 can be defeated.  You must battle your way through each challenging level in order to locate the passageway to the next.  All five levels must be conquered before you are faced with the final horrific test of knowledge.  
\par 
\par }{\b The Final Boss
\par }{
\par Azinhoth, demon and holder of the }{\i Castle of Knowledge}{, sits atop the citadel and awaits your skills after you have finished the 5}{\super th}{
 floor of the castle.  Just as you rise to the top of the castle, Azinhoth splits up his demonic projection into hundreds of smaller, but equ
ally powerful clones.  You will have to trudge through them and defeat six of them to defeat Azinhoth.  Hopefully, you have managed to retain enough health points to sustain the flurry of six questions (one widow-maker of a question from each category) fr
om them.  If by some miracle you survive, the }{\i Castle of Knowledge}{ will be released from the demon\rquote s power and your mission will have been accomplished.  You will be a hero to your adoring people and for good reason.
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs28 Online Help
\par }{
\par If you encounter any problems with installation or game play, e-mail us at scholasticmaze@yahoo.com.  We will be more than willing to provide you with installation help, level walkthroughs, cheat-codes or answers to those difficult questions.  }{\b 

\par }{\fs20 
\par }}